Adraen > Trunk >
	AI4-AE1: Artificial Intelligence "hoover" robot simulator with wall following algorithm
	ANC4: RIP Network table propagation
	AuctionSystem: auction distributed system ... not great

AoC >
	AoCAutoPatch: Modify the public encryption in AoC (IIRC)
	AoCEmuDev > tools > AoCProxy: Proxy ... Don't really remember how it works
	AoCParam: Used to dump the parameters to the software
	AocProxy: Same as the one above from the names ...
	AocProxyBack: Proxy with live packet parrsing from XML description
	Faolan: Again some AoC work, Realm server emulator and again a proxy XD
	PatchAo: Memory editor to replace the public key in memory, used to bypass checksum validation
	pyaocc: only god knows what this is doing ...
	pyAoCServ: Probably the same as the one in Faolan...

BotWoW >
	Different revisions of the world of warcraft client, designed for older versions of wow but was fun to 	 
		implement the SRP6 algorithm for password authentication :)
		
C# >
	AI4-AE1: Should be one of the revision of the one listed above...
	AI4-AE1-R21: Revision 21 of thr SVN (lol)
	LOLStatusFaker: Inject a fake respnde from the server in the launcher to bypass the server status busy
	MaskCreator: Do Nothing never understood the PCB editor file format ...
	MobileAgent: Windows mobile properties stuff
	MobileRC_POC: Proof of concept for remote control application
	PIC18Emulator: Emulator for PIC18 got the disassembler working looking to implement the control algorithm (genetic algorithm (could be fun))
	RCServer: Remote Control Server (? no idea)
	RemoteServer: Not much just udp packet broadcasting for network advertisement and service identification
	SSLServer: Basic SSLServer using SSLStream and TcpListener
	TestGadget: Attempt to write a windows widget with Silverlight, epic failure due to 64bits issue (don't waiste your time)

CA4 >
	RISC Architecure in Haskell Hydra based on Jtod implementation
	
CS >
	SRP: SRP6 implementation don't rember how much got implemented

Design >
	Avalon: Wareffort design propably is somewhere else with the django code ...

Django >
	blog: no idea
	wareffort: war effort using the django framework for the this anniversary of avalon
	
Interpreter >
	Probably one of the first year exercise ...
	
Java >
	DAS:  AuctionSystem probably the same as the one before ... maybe a different revision
	OOSE: Object oriented software engineering stuff ...
	SrPLib: SRP implementation in java .. don't know what's working
	testSSL: SSL stuff in java ?
	WoW: wow bot in java ... can even remember writing this code must be empty ...
	
LabExam2 >
	First year T9 like stuff
	
PACMAN > Python implementation of pacman quite buggy due to no locking on the drawing canvas ... probably not much work to get it working
		Useful if you need an implementation of A* in python ... never been implemented in the game but available in pathfinding3.py
		
PIC >
	RS232: Test for Rs232 communication with pic16 micro
	Uvbox: basic software for pulse with modulation insulation of pcbs ... was fun to write in asm however never took time to finish the hardware
	
PSD >
	Professional software dev. don't even want to explain this
	
Pylons >
	python Pylons attemps to rewrite avalon site, think i got stuff working can't remember
	
Python >
	avalon : ... something mvc related ?
	botwow: same version as above ?
	PSDPreview: attempt to parse adobe psd format in python to create a TRAC module
	pyDGProxy: demigod proxy ...
	pyDGServ: demigod server ... i think nothing works for this and the proxy ... should take a look
	pywowc: again a wow client ...
	pywowcold: old version (lol)
	pywowctwised: attempt to port the client to twisted (python framework)
	SSLTest: ... SSL stuff ?
	test: probably was useful at some point
	WDBparse: parse cache files from wow
	wowproxy: wow proxy for newer version that uses ARC4 encryption with xor with HMAC key retrieval from the client :D awesome winAPI call from python

pywowc >
	python wow client probably one of the multiple version that already showed up thousands of time
	
Reverse Engineering>
	some packet dumps of demigod i think
	
submission1_2 >
	second year stuff
	
tdp4 >
	fourth year team project quite a lot of code including driver code, SPI communication, SDL stuff and circuit design
	
VHDL >
	Gamegear: rewrote the gamegear cartridge paging system ... if someone want to try it at some point on an fpga ^^, should be close to fully working
	
	
TODO: some of the C projects are missing ... should add them later if i can find them (Hashtable, web client, web server)